[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai...
Trunks and Vegeta proved
no match for Perfect Cell...
unwilling to declare victory,
and hoping to draw out
a worthy challenger;
Cell proposed a tournament.
The gauntlet is thrown today!
♪ opening song ♪
[WATER SPLASHES]
[WIND BLOWS HEAVILY]
[CELL]
And of course,
I enjoy nothing more
than the looks of
perfect terror
my power inspires
on people's faces.
That's it.
That's the look.
[CELL LAUGHS]
No!!!
[TRUNKS SCREAMS]
Whoa.
That's a relief.
He's,
uh... intact.
Wait a minute...
What actually happened?
I mean,
I don't see Cell.
Hey, could you just
hold on for a second?!
He beat me.
[TRUNKS GRUNTS]
Look, whatever it
is it'll be okay;
just tell us
what happened.
[VEGETA]
Where has he gone?
I'm sorry...
He was too strong;
nothing I had
was good enough.
[VEGETA]
Of course not.
What did you expect?
If I couldn't defeat Cell,
then a lesser fighter like
you never had a chance.
Hey, how 'bout
you back off?!
He held his own
against Cell
a heck of lot better
than you did!
That's enough, Krillin!
[BABY TRUNKS CRIES]
[BULMA]
Hush now, it's okay...
Are you two lug-heads waiting
for an engraved invitation?!
Get down there and help
him for crying out loud!
You have to do something
before it's too late!
[PICCOLO]
Calm down, Bulma. He escaped.
Oh, thank goodness!
But, how...?
Cell's abilities are
truly staggering...
There's no question
that Trunks' power
was far greater than
his at the outset...
But somehow, he was
able to dominate the battle.
And then for him to
simply let Trunks go
rather than
finish the fight...
What's this monster up to?!
[KRILLIN]
A martial arts tournament?
[TRUNKS GRUNTS]
You don't think
he was serious, do you?
[VEGETA THINKING]
This is absurd!
It's all just a game to him...
[KRILLIN]
Who in their right mind
would even bother to enter?!
No one's gonna step up
if neither of you could
cut it against him!
[WIND BLOWS]
Uhh...
No... I will...
The minute Goku
and Gohan come out,
I'll go back to the
Hyperbolic Time Chamber
and train myself some more.
Huh...?!
Neither you nor Cell
will be needed actually.
One more day of training
in the Chamber
and I'll be more
than Cell's equal.
Take my word for it.
[A16]
Me, too...
I will enter... as well.
Oh, you have got
to be kidding me!
But, but first...
I beg you to take me
to the Capsule
Corporation for repairs.
You expect to go
to my mom's home?
[A16] Affirmative.
I need them to restore
my fighting capabilities.
Please, I...
wish to be useful.
No way...!
I'm not dragging one of
Gero's garbage cans
anywhere near my mother!
[TRUNKS GASPS]
[KRILLIN LAUGHS]
[KRILLIN]
Alright. We'll take you
there and see what they say.
Are you insane?!
It's gonna be okay.
Trust me.
This guy is
nothing like
the androids you
knew in your time...
[TRUNKS]
How do you know?!
Seventeen and Eighteen were
both different, weren't they?
You even said so yourself...
They didn't seem
all that bad.
I don't know
if I'd call 'em nice,
but they were nowhere near
the monsters you
told us they'd be.
And besides... now's not the
time to start getting picky
about who we get
to lend us a hand.
Easy...
Thank you.
[VEGETA THINKING]
Hurry up, Kakarot.
The sooner you're out of there,
the sooner I can go back in.
One more day is all I need
to show you how
futile your efforts are.
Like it or not,
Cell is mine!
[FLAMES ERUPT]
[GOHAN YELLS]
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
[GOKU YELLS]
[GOHAN YELLS]
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
[GOKU GRUNTS]
[GOKU YELLS]
[GOHAN SCREAMS]
[EXPLOSION]
[BULMA'S MOM]
Gorgeous...
[BULMA'S MOM LAUGHS]
[BULMA'S MOM HUMS]
Oh! Vegeta, darling...
Long time, huh?
Ever the heartbreaker,
I see...
And who's this handsome stranger
you've brought with you?
Seems Vegeta has
good taste in friends...
Uh, hello ma'am...
Pleased to meet you.
Um... Pardon us...
Is Bulma hangin' around?
Hey doll...
We really need to
talk with her, please.
[DR. BRIEFS]
How you do, Krillin...
What a coincidence;
I just got off
the horn with Bulma...
Huh...Fact she ought to
be here before too long.
So... She hasn't gotten back
from the Lookout yet, huh?
Guess we'll wait.
[ROSHI]
Incoming!
Huh...?
[KRILLIN LAUGHS]
Master Roshi!
Bulma just called and told us
to report to Capsule
Core immediately.
I wasn't about to ignore her.
Yeah... it's also a pain
trying to keep tabs
on everybody
from his place.
Where's my son, Krillin?
Uh, still at
the Lookout...?
Ahh! Still...?!
[DR. BRIEFS]
Hmm... Solid piece of
engineering, doctor.
Solid piece of
engineering indeed.
[DR. BRIEFS HUMS]
Tournament...? Sounds like
he's just messin around...
Well... If you'd seen
the look on his face...
you wouldn't think
he was joking, believe me.
It's in ten days.
I don't know where yet.
So he expects everyone
to fight him one-on-one?
[TRUNKS]
Well... That's what
he said, at least.
[BULMA'S MOM]
Bon appetit ...
Not to be blond...
But you keep mentioning this
"World Martial Arts Tournament"
and I don't know
what that means...
Well, my dear...
Allow me...
Having won such a
tournament once myself,
I'm in a unique
position to explain.
[VEGETA GRUNTS]
[ROSHI COUGHS]
Long ago... A contest
was started in which
the world's best martial
artists were to take part...
All drawn together to determine
who could lay claim
to being the best...
If memory serves,
Goku started competing
at the twenty-first World
Martial Arts Tournament.
Made it all the way
to the championship, too:
no small feat for his
first time in the ring.
But there the boy faced
the great master Jackie Chun.
Heh heh... and, well,
that's where his run ended.
Five years later, Goku
found himself head-to-head
with Tien in the
twenty-second tournament.
Oh, Tien was a fierce
competitor alright--
one of the toughest
we'd ever come across--
but Goku kept him busy
for a lot longer
than anyone expected
for a kid his age.
In the end,
Goku lost, but only just.
Hmph... Excuse me if I'm a
little less than impressed.
Well...
Just wait till we get to
the twenty-third tournament
held three years later;
one of the most
brutal on record...
Everyone in attendance
swore up and down it was
the closest competition
they'd ever seen.
Not only was Goku a blushing
newlywed at that point;
Piccolo took the
tournament by storm
under the assumed
named Ma Junior
and wiped the floor
with his opponents.
Kami even possessed
a man just to compete.
Heh... Normal fighters
were afraid to enter.
In the championship match,
Piccolo and Goku locked horns--
the fate of the world,
hanging in the balance...
When the smoke cleared,
Goku emerged victorious
as the strongest man
on the face of the planet.
In the process, though,
the ring was destroyed.
And since that fateful day,
the World Martial
Arts Tournament
has been a thing of the past,
never to be held again...
That was, uh...
Let's see...
How many years ago
was that tournament?
Had to have been...
[ROSHI YELLS]
[DR. BRIEFS]
Fascinating story, sir.
I daresay you should
write it down sometime.
[BIRDS CHIRP]
[WATER SPLASHES]
Now then... Let us pick out
the tournament grounds...
Yes... This place will work.
Ahh...
Ideal... Almost...
Believe I'll push out
the edges a little
so the venue can breathe.
Next up...
Oh, excellent. The stone
here is perfection itself.
Good... A little on
the rustic side, perhaps...
But it can always
be added on to...
That is... After my debut.
[DR. BRIEFS]
Hmm... Hmmm...
You know,
you are really something.
Your physiology is
significantly different
from the more "humanoid"
models I'm used to seeing.
I am a pure machine;
I have no organic components.
So I can tell... Sadly...
it makes this pretty
much toilet paper.
So... You cannot fix me?
No one ever said that,
now did they...?
When Bulma arrives,
we'll brainstorm...
And with her on it, I'd say
the prognosis is pretty good.
[KITTY MEOWS]
[KITTY PURRS]
[OOLONG]
Heavenly...
Ah, just scrumptious...!
Thank you!
Oh...My pleasure...
And there's plenty more
where these came from,
so stuff yourselves silly.
[OOLONG]
Don't mind if I do...
[ROSHI YELLS]
[BULMA'S MOM]
Now, now boys.
Like I said, there's heaps
of good stuff for everybody...
so no need to hash
it out like wild animals.
Well... Oolong and
Roshi seem relaxed.
[KRILLIN SIGHS]
[OOLONG AND ROSHI YELL]
[VEGETA THINKING]
Come on, Cell.
Stop toying with us.
If you're going to
make an entrance, do it!
Hey, Trunks... You're
sure that Cell told you
he'd appear on TV with
more details, right?
Yes. Positive.
Ah! Don't go, Yamcha!
Puar, relax: I'm just stepping
outside for a little fresh air.
Just let me know
if Cell's on TV...
Okay. Be careful.
I've got nine days to train.
Being careful's not gonna
get me where I need to be.
Good point.
Think I'll join you...
Won't do us any good sitting
around here the whole time.
Alright, let's go.
Heh... If it's gonna
be a real tournament
with real rules and stuff,
why not give it a shot...?
We can always tap out
if it's too much for us.
You losers are just
wasting your time...
Once I'm done, no one
else will need a turn.
Hmph...
That's pretty funny, man;
coming from someone who Cell
mopped the baseboards with.
Yeah...?
Give me one more day in
the Hyperbolic Time Chamber
and you'll eat those words!
And I'll eat
Cell for breakfast!
Fools like you all
won't get a chance to fight!
So now we're fools?!
If the shoe fits...
Not my fault
you're all inferior.
Dad, stop!
[VEGETA GRUNTS]
[BULMA] Trunks...!
He's here, isn't he?
Trunks!
[KRILLIN, PUAR,
VEGETA, AND YAMCHA YELL]
Uhh...
Oh, Trunks!
Huh...? Hmm...?
Uhh... Umm...
Oh, yay...
You haven't
been clobbered.
Piccolo said you'd
escaped in one piece,
but I thought you'd
be all banged up...
I was worried sick
so I flew right over...
You know how moms are...
I'm, really sorry...
Well... that's okay.
Just don't ever put me
through that again...
I promise you
I'll try not to.
[TRUNKS THINKING]
Mom...
[BABY TRUNKS LAUGHS]
Hey! Cut it out, kid!
C'mon, seriously...
My hair's not a toy...
Kid better be careful...
He's gonna make himself
bald when he grows up.
[EVERYONE LAUGHS]
[CITY PEOPLE SCREAM]
[MULTIPLE EXPLOSIONS]
[RECEPTIONISTS SCREAM]
Would there be a TV show
that's currently broadcasting
live to a worldwide audience?
T-T-T-Top floor, the main
studio! T-T-Try there...!
Excellent...
Thanks for the help.
[RECEPTIONISTS SCREAM]
[AEROBICS INSTRUCTOR]
Work it. Work it,
C'mon now! Work it.
[ROSHI]
Outstanding! Heh, Heh...
You always have to
watch the same channel?
Master Roshi just
likes to stay in shape.
What's wrong
with that?
[OOLONG] Get a load
of those hamstrings!
[AEROBICS INSTRUCTOR SCREAMS]
[ROSHI AND OOLONG YELL]
[TV CREW YELLS IN FEAR]
Cell!
[TV CREW YELLS]
[NEWSCASTER SCREAMS]
You're not
the Adopt-a-Pet g--!
Is this or isn't it
the top floor studio?
Yes it is! Somebody
get security in here!
Good morning...
People of the world...
We interrupt this broadcast
to bring you a special bulletin.
that is to say...
I interrupt this broadcast.
As it happens,
I come bearing wonderful news;
especially for anyone out there
sick of living in peace.
The wait is over, my friends:
Soon life will be
chocked to the brim
with nail-biting suspense.
My name,
good people... is Cell.
And whether
or not you're aware...
You are familiar with me.
Given, of course,
you've been following the news
about a certain,
ruthless creature
stalking your cities
for fresh victims.
I am what you might call
the perfected form
of said creature;
and I'd like to take a moment
to thank the human race
for its generous
donations of bio-energy.
That, and to assure everyone
I've reached my quota.
But let's move on...
This is an invitation for
all of you to attend
a little tournament
I'll call "the Cell Games",
to be held in a vacant lot
roughly fifteen miles to
the northwest of this station.
It will be like your
World Martial Arts Tournament,
except we'll fight in teams--
me versus all of you,
as many challengers
as you'd like...
one-on-one, until
the winner is determined.
This works to your advantage,
since, powerful as I am,
I might tire out after a while.
Which seems
more than fair...
Apart from that,
you know the rules...
Same old story...
If you forfeit a match,
or any part of your body
is pushed outside of
the ring, you lose.
If you lose consciousness for
the customary count of ten,
that goes
down as a loss.
And if every member of your
team should happen to lose,
it's a loss for
the entire world.
What?!
[ROSHI, TRUNKS,
AND YAMCHA GASP]
That's right...
Defeat means every person
on the planet says good bye.
The entire population of Earth,
to a man, gazing up at
me in wide eye terror
pleading with me
to show mercy.
[ENTIRE GROUP GASPS]
That monster!
So, in closing, I urge
all able-bodied fighters
to consider my invitation...
[EXPLOSION]
Unless you've got
better things to do...
Heh... Can't wait
to see you there...
I can hardly believe
what I just saw!
[KRILLIN]
The whole world's at
stake in this thing?!
This is impossible!
Who's supposed to hold
a candle to this guy?
Trunks and Vegeta only made it
'cause he wanted them to...
Not even Goku could win...
[KRILLIN AND TRUNKS
SEETHE WITH ANGER]
[BULMA]
Going somewhere, Vegeta?
Get this straight...
The world can burn
for all I care,
but I'm not about to let
Cell get the better of me!
I'm coming with you!
[BULMA] Trunks, wait!
Before you go, let me...
...at least cut your hair.
So it's out of the way.
Good idea.
[VEGETA GRUNTS]
[NARRATOR]
A dark cloud has
suddenly been cast
over an unsuspecting
Planet Earth.
The relative calm of daily life
has been replaced
by fear and panic,
as it was clear to anyone
who witnessed Cell's
live announcement
that no army in the
world would be capable
of defending against
this new menace.
Long forgotten is
the brave little boy
who once wrested
the fate of the world
from a malevolent Piccolo.
Unknown are the exploits
of this heroic warrior
against Vegeta and
the Saiyan invasion,
or his victory over Frieza.
Thus, humanity
trembles in horror,
unaware that one
hope still remains.
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ closing song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey, it's me Goku...!
Training's just about done!
[PICCOLO]
You know, you could
go on a little longer...
[GOKU]
I could go on forever!
But part of knowing
how to fight...
...is knowing where
to draw the line.
A guy can only
push himself so far.
[PICCOLO]
Well, we don't want
you worn out, I guess.
[GOKU]
Next time on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
Training Complete!
Goku Sizes Up the Competition!
[GOKU LAUGHS]
This time around, I think
I'm better off taking it easy...